So let's go make it work with order.jsx now.
So we are going to import use context, another very fun hook from React, and we're going
to import cart context from contexts.
We're going to drop, actually we can just replace this part right here.
So cart equals set cart, right, this part, and the only difference thing is we're going
to say is we're going to say use context, cart context.
And now whatever is in this cart context, whatever it can find above it, that is going
to be passed in here.
It's kind of a pleasant API, isn't it?
You just kind of pass it in, and now that's available here.
Here's the fun part.
We don't have to change anything else.
Everything else just works the same way, which is kind of neat.
And now let's go use it in header as well.
So at the top of header, we're going to say import use context from React, and we're going
to import our cart context again.
Man, I put too many tongue twisters in today's workshop.
Cart context is just going to kill me.
At least there's no pizza of the day.
All right.
Here I only need cart, right, and actually I'm not setting the cart anywhere, so I'm
just going to say const cart equals use context.
Cart context.
Again, I'm not using the setter anywhere, so I'm not going to pull it out.
And instead of having five here, I'm just going to have cart.length, right, except what's
wrong with this?
That's a string literal.
Literally a string literal.
There we go.
Cool.
So ideally, if I say add to cart, big double, notice the number up here is correct, right?
Please don't add 100 things in here because the number overflows.
Even two numbers is a bit sketch.
Again, the context API has gotten a lot better than it used to be, but what's hard about,
this use context, cart context.
Let's say that this number starts going up.
In fact, this is actually kind of the classic problem with hooks in general.
I don't know, I'm not a Facebook user, but Facebook used to have this problem where there
would be phantom notifications, right, and then you would click on it and there would
be no notification there.
This was a React problem.
have these inability to track these contexts correctly, and it was a byproduct of that.
It was really annoying and a lot of people got super annoyed by it.
They've much improved this, but the problem is it's all the indirection of where does
this context come from and what is modifying it?
Just by looking at header, let's say I have a bug with header and this number is always
wrong, what modified the context?
It's not immediately apparent from header, because let's say, okay, I know it's cart
context, I'm going to search my code base for cart context and I'm going to go look
in app and I'm going to see where this is created, but this isn't modifying it.
Where is it being modified?
Again, by looking at this, if this was totally unfamiliar code to you, you can't see it.
You have to go through the entire code base to figure out what is modifying this.
You have to eventually land on order.
Now with the imports, it makes it a little bit easier to be able to grep through it,
to be able to find it, but that used to not be true.
It used to be really opaque of where it's coming from, but it's strange in the structuring
of this app that doing something over here affects something over here.
They provide for it because that's just how websites work, right?
But in terms of beautiful, clean code, it sucks.